1. Days and Nights
2. Provider ads are strictly prohibited from being posted on the General Discussion board
3. Saw Monas photos on BP and she looked very nice Called her up relatively late and she picked up right away Great attitude on the phone and she said she could be at my place within 45 minutes She called in an hour and asked again for directions and was very apologetic Arrived shortly thereafter and she was dressed in a very nice blue dress and I could tell right away her pictures and description were accurate She apologized again and I let her in
4. Thank you for becoming VIP member
5. Gave her a call to set up an outcall to my location  She answered and was nice enough sounding over the phone  We agreed to a time and she said she would call when she was close  NonVIPs  not a bad experience but I wont repeat
6. So Savanah used to go by Farrah She recently changed her pics to some new stolen pics of other girls She also changed her number Once she got to my place I immediately recognized her as I had seen her a couple times under her last name She tried to play off not knowing me and did some LE checks After she was done with that we sat and chatted some as I knew as soon as you blow your load she will be out the door as soon as she can After some small talk we headed back to the bedroom where she collected the donation and began to undress I laid on the bed fully clothed to make her take my clothes off for me She didnt seem very happy with my game but to her credit she did play along She does say she is a GFE provider After some time and effort she finally got me naked and proceeded to give me her standard BBBJ to get me hard She did say that she usually does CBJ now but she would go BBBJ for me She does an adequate job nothing great which is a shame as I know she can do better as she really did far better the first time I saw her Then she tried the same trick she always seems to acting like she forgot the cover I quickly told her I had some in the night stand She went over and got one out and put it on She then said she loves it doggy style so I said that was fine As usual I had to do some work to get it in as she is still pretty tight After a few long slow strokes I really began to hit that tight hole hard I even grabbed some hair for extra leverage That got a quick look of no thank you form her So on I went with the pounding until I had her in the lazy dog position I continued until she requested a different position So onto mish we went This didnt last long as I was really getting it in good She doesnt really like CG and that is what I really wanted from her as it feels amazing with that tight pussy she has After taking it a few more minutes she finally asked if I wanted her on top and I told her that sounded great She hoped and on began to grind away I had really done all I could to not blow earlier so it wasnt long until she had me shooting my load She jumped off so fast that she nearly took the condom off of me with her pussy Into the bathroom she went and back out she came with barely a word She dressed in record time and gave me a quick kiss as she headed for the door Once there she told me to be sure to call her soon While everything with her is kind of mechanical and she only does hours and with only one pop I will only see her when I want a really thin spinner that I know can deliver with out any BS
7. age 36  escort from Chattanooga TN
8. Super nice
9. She arrived at my place in very decent  casual attire jeans and top Though photos are bit old but they are fair representation of Alia I invited her in I offered her drinks but she politely refused She has two tier services sensual massage and GFE I was little hesitant so I suggested to start with massage and will decide later as we go further After small chitchat for about 10 minutes She asked where is my bedroom I showed her the way We went in just to make sure that Im comfortable she again asked me if its OK with me if she takes her cloth off Anyway we both got naked And she start the massage Oh man it was so sensual that in 5 minutes I got interested in her next tier of service I have had DFK before but with Alia it was very sensual with some toss and turn she moved on to oral I started getting horny and I suggested to go next stage I could not able to hold longer Wow those 5 minutes were something
10. This profile has been favorited by
11. ts Madame Mozzelle 7865094403
12. Outcall only  No Incall
13. ad website
14. Not a Member yet
15. Saw Jessas ad on cv read her ter reviews and contacted her through her website I provided screening info and I was was verified by the next day Made an appointment for the next Saturday night and confirmed the day before Jessa showed up at my place on time and was the same person in her photos  Id describe her as a MILF early forties good shape and an attractive face  I made her a drink and we chatted for a while before retiring to my bedroom Non VIPs Jessa is a sexy lady and is eager to please Im likely to repeat
16. I saw that Miss T was in Columbus and I wondered if she would make the trip to my place since it is located along her way back to Cleveland  I requested an appt the day before and she replied and we were able to set up a time  We texted and then talked on the phone as she was arriving at my place and wow what a nice tight body and wonderful personality
17. Displaying 1 to 1 of  1 matches
18. 2nd Floor Office 201 CY 8010
19. good made me feel at ease
20. What if I do not like a review that I receive
21. Disclaimers
22. 0  People reviewed by April
23. I am a NONSMOKER  And she had the strongest odor of smoke  That is all I could smell from the minute she walked in the door  She is a young pretty girl and seemed like she had come from far and I did not have the heart to refuse the session  Plus it was outcall at my place
24. clean apartment
25. I was in the mood for a TS and as soon as I called her Erika was very cheerful and bubbly and very accommodating I could not incall to her due to lack of car under my disposal so I asked her to come to my upscale hotel and she right away agreed and as she came on time I opnened the door and she walked in
26. 702 9808696
27. She returned my call a few hours after I left her a voicemail We arranged to meet at my place Very attractive Latina in her midtwentieslooks and acts a lot younger Great body and smooth skin I may see her again if I have the cash and the patience of waiting She was over an hour late
28. Contributions
29. Had seen Katyas Ad on BP and figured Id gie her a try even though there were no reviews on TER always risky I called the first time and it went to voice mail and I did not leave a message About an hour later she called back Sounded very friendly and nice on the phone and we set up a time for 830pm at my place She mainly does incalls but will do some out calls with light screening to homes only cos of LE problems in the area She arrived on time and greeted me with a hug and a smile at the door VIP members read on
30. Appearance
31. Available at night
32. I enjoy trolling the Craigslist girls and trying to find a diamond in the rough This one gave good phone but not too much enthusiasm during the event She did not have an incall so I suggested a car date Its the first time Ive tried this since high school and Id forgotten how difficult it is  Also Im much older and the car has gotten smaller No VIPs I wont repeat
